EXPERIENCE
Burson, Dallas, TX — Vice President, Comms Social 
SEPTEMBER  2025 - PRESENT
Client: Ford Motor Company
Comms social lead responsible for managing executive social presence and comms social strategy
Serves as strategic and creative subject matter expert for comms team to ensure social-first content creation
Liaison between comms and marketing social teams to ensure alignment in goals and messaging
goodr Sunglasses, Los Angeles, CA — Director of Social
FEBRUARY 2025 - SEPTEMBER 2025
Business lead responsible for operationalizing the brand’s organic social media and influencer practices
Built the brand’s first social media playbook outlining strategy, creative guidelines and success metrics
Developed editorial process to ensure strategic content  planning 
Scaled in-house content creation 400% for placements in organic,  paid, email, etc for added efficiency  
Established industry standard KPIs and benchmarking to track performance
Built an influencer practice from the ground up, leveraging Grin to source influencers and run paid and gifting campaigns
Cheil, Plano, TX — Group Account Director, Social + Influencer
AUGUST 2024 - FEBRUARY 2025
Client: Samsung Mobile
Business and client lead for the brand’s organic social and influencer work
Senior leader for a client-facing account team, as well as a cross-functional team of strategists, creatives, producers and project managers
Leveraged deep strategic social and influencer expertise to lead strategy efforts and build new social editorial process
Managed burn reports and budget on a monthly and quarterly basis.




GSD&M, Dallas,TX — Social Media Director
APRIL 2022 - MAY 2024
Clients: US Air Force, US Space Force, Capital One
Led a team of 15+ social media experts and social creatives to impact the recruitment efforts of the United States Air Force and Space Force on organic social. 
Leveraged social, production and creative expertise to build and lead a content creation practice from the ground up to provide custom social content at scale - a first for the agency. 
Helped provide strategy and support for the launch of Capital One's organic TikTok presence. 
Built an external content creator program to help bring scale to Capital One's social content creation, specifically on TikTok.   
Saatchi & Saatchi, Dallas, TX — Associate Director, Social Media
SEPTEMBER 2018 - APRIL 2022
Clients: Toyota, Panasonic
Responsible for leading a team of social media managers and creatives to bring Toyota  USA’s brand story to life through content. 
Organic social subject matter expert for both client and agency
Successfully led numerous vehicle, Olympic/Paralympic and Super Bowl campaigns on social. 
Provided support for client at high-profile events and auto shows. 
Main point of contact and client service lead for two social clients (marketing and PR). 
Responsible for reconciling monthly billing report and managing large production budgets. 
Launched the brand’s first presence on TikTok and IG Reels. 
Launched innovative and engaging AR filters and IG Shopping tags for parts.
Developed organic social content strategy for Panasonic’s 2020/2021 Olympic campaign.
Belo + Company, Dallas, TX — Account Director
OCTOBER 2017 - SEPTEMBER 2018
Clients: Revlon Hair Tools, Bed Head Styling, Fuzzy’s Taco Shop, Grub Burger Bar, Dallas Design District, Highland Park Village, Trinity Groves
Led a client service team of two direct reports and a team of paid social, PPC and SEO specialists while overseeing strategy, ensuring profitability, resource allocation and creative execution for  national and local clients. 
Also responsible for managing profitability ($225k MRR) and  fostering excellent client relationships. 


Speakeasy, Dallas, TX — Account Director
JULY 2015 - OCTOBER 2017
Clients:  UT Southwestern Medical Center, White Cloud, Goshen Health System
Managed a team of two and led organic social and content strategy for 10-12 regional and national accounts in the health and wellness industry. 
Responsible for developing  and implementing strategy based on KPIs in this client-facing role. 
Hypeworthy, Dallas, TX — Vice President
SEPTEMBER 2012 - JULY 2015
Clients: Rhythm Superfoods, The 86 Co., Cinco Vodka, Austin  Aztex, Ambhar Tequila, Chino Chinatown
Responsible for  creation of social media strategy and implementation, client relations and new business development. 
